---
layout: single
title: "dailylog 8-04-20"
tags: dailylog
---

# THINGS I DID TODAY!!

1. Woke up!
2. Woke up VERY EXCITED to go to Trader Joes. I could hardly sleep.
3. Biked!
4. Stretched my legs!
5. Showered + listened to the news!
6. Brushed my hair and conditioned again!
7. Applied face toner!
8. Put lotion on my whole body!
9. Got dressed and ready to go to TRADER JOES!!
10. (Meaning I put on pants that I somehow believe "repel" COVID? IDK they are like mildly waterproof so in my mind they will be less porous... sp?)
11. Started my list for trader joes!! (Ahem, continued my list)
12. Started to calculate all of my time for VG. Worked on putting an invoice together. Turned our GTD chart into a condenced version of the last two weeks.
13. Got ready to actually go to Trader Joes omg.
14. Went to Trader Joes with Liene and wanted to buy ALL THE THINGS!! ALL THE THINGS!!
15. THINGS I WANTED:
    1. GF Bagels
    2. GF Bread
    3. GF Cinnamon Raisin bread
    4. GF Hamburger buns
    5. GF chocolate cupcakes
    6. Fun dips
    7. The entire cheese section
    8. The entire alcohol section
    9. The entire prepackaged goods section
    10. The marinated meats section (omg remember being a vegetarian??)
    11. Every single frozen dessert
    12. I think you get the picture...
16. SURVIVED TRADER JOES!!
17. Helped unload the car
18. Left husband and roomie to tetris the kitchen and put all of our new goodies away
19. Worked on UMJS
20. Had VG meeting at 12
21. Talked about the proposed funnel. Was super well-received
22. Then "data lakes" got mentioned and that was even MORE well-received... and BONUS. We already have those!
23. Felt guilty for essentially contributing an idea and derailing what ended up being the right idea
24. Started to question my value as a data scientist, like I am right now as I write this lolololol
25. Had big snack of veggie chips, salmon salad and lettuces
26. Rearranged part of the living room with roomie
27. Brainstormed a desk rearrange to fit roomie
28. Brushed teeth
29. Went back to UMJS where we added the whole product form and validation and now we can even upload images!!
30. Pushed to YTK, A & D
