---
layout: single
title: "Writing 12-02-20"
tags: writing
---

*Please write a summary of your clinical situation, your diagnosis, what your symptoms are now, what they have been at their worst, and what has worked best for you (medications, psychotherapy, etc.). Are there any special stressors or problems that have precipitated your current symptoms? Also, please include a narrative of anything else you think I should know about you before I see you at our appointment. Please be sure to indicate what it is that has brought you to ask for this appointment, and what you would like as a result of the consultation. As much detail as you can provide will be most helpful to me as I prepare for our initial evaluation.*

What has brought me to this appointment: My husband and I have been considering starting a family for a few years now and I've previously been told that I should go off my prozac and adderall before trying. This has been a huge "barrier to entry" for us as I really struggle on days I'm not on my medicine. 

What does "really struggle" mean? Well, the way I describe my symptoms to friends who don't have ADHD or anxiety/depression/OCD tendencies is like this -- The prozac turned all of the world's sharp corners into soft corners. Before going on the prozac, the world was very loud. This sounds ridiculous but things and intimate objects would "buzz" around me. They'd develop personalities and speak to me. My protractor would talk to me before school. The adderall gives me agency over my own life. Before the adderall, it was like I was I was living in a huge room with many, many people yelling at me all the time -- imagine Hollywood representations of a stock market floor. The adderall didn't take the people away, but it gave me a ticket machine (like they have at the deli counter) so I could hand out numbers to everyone and deal with each person individually. 

I've been on both medicines for about 10 years now and it's hard to imagine going off them. On days where I don't take my meds (I've been trying to see if I could do it), I feel both euphoric and despondent. I dance and sing more to my cats (yay!!) but I also weep uncontrollably. Additionally, my life is like a well-choreographed dance to help me avoid the giant pit of despair that is the depression that runs through my mom's side of the family. Without my medicine, I can't remember the routines I've put into place to help myself. I can't remember the steps to the dance and one small misstep (the q-tip missed the trashcan?) is a one-way ticket to the despair place where logic breaks down and I convince myself that everything I touch leads to suffering so I should just... stop existing to stop the suffering. 

What I'd like as a result of the consultation: In my magical dream world, you'd say I can stay on both of my medicines at my current dosages because there is no risk to the baby. In this magical dream world, there have been clinical trials to prove that there is no risk to the baby. However, I know that ethically this isn't something that can be done. I don't know much about how studies like this are/have been/will be conducted, but I have a feeling most are done retroactively (e.g. someone got accidentally pregnant while taking medicine instead of "this group of women will be taking adderall while pregnant and this group of women will not be taking adderall while pregnant") and that is why there isn't a ton of information and when faced with the lack of information, going the safer route of not taking medicine is recommended. 