---
layout: single
title: "TIL 8-25-20"
tags: TIL javascript
---

```javascript
var index = peoples.findIndex((p) => p.attr1 == "john");
```

## LHTL

Focus on the PROCESS not the PRODUCT

In this video, we talked about the difference between PROCESS and PRODUCT. Can you think of an example of a typical PROCESS and a typical PRODUCT related to something you are learning? Write your thoughts in the box below.

A PRODUCT is ClosetMate -- the app I'm building. The PROCESS is putting in three hours a day of work (~6 pomodoros!) on this product!

### Harnessing your Zombie's to help you

- Using your Habit-loving Zombies to help you conquer your goals!!
- (while simultaneously minimizing willpower!!)

* HOW TO CHANGE YOUR HABITS?!
  You only need willpower ONCE. And that's in changing your REACTION to the CUE!!

#### 1. THE CUE

The cues usually fall into one of four categories:

1. location
2. time
3. how you feel
4. reactions

#### 2. THE ROUTINE

1. ritual & plan

#### 3. THE REWARD

Why are we procrastinating?? Look to these base needs
Bigger rewards for bigger achievements!!

EX:
Stopping at 12
Stopping right at 5
Big brainless movie night

NOTE: It is OK if it takes a few days to get into this new routine and flow!

#### 4. THE BELIEF

Like-minded friends are helpful!!

What is the most common cue that launches you into procrastination mode? Is there a way you could avoid this without having to use a lot of willpower? Write your thoughts in the space below.

This is an excellent question -- top thought is "BEER AT 5 PM!!" but the real answer is probably "destructive thought patterns that lead to mental exhaustion"
