---
layout: single
title: "daily log 11.03.20"
tags: dailylog
---


So here is my day -- a perfect example of everything wrong (right?!) in my world and head.

I'm despairing because I cannot complete projects. I start so many and finish none. Why!? Is it possible that I've just not taken the time to DECIDE what a FINISHED project looks like? Is it possible that instead of "planning ahead" I rush into something headlong without any ideas as to direction or end goals? 

WHY YES. YES IT IS QUITE POSSIBLE.

Why do I do this!? Honestly, I think it started out because in my mind, the "designing" part is the fun part -- like daydreaming. And, in my mind, this is the "easy part." And there's the whole "If you eat a frog first thing in the morning, the rest of your day will be amazing" thing, so I want to save "the easy part" for later! HOWEVER, what I forget to take into account is that by the time I'm READY for "the easy part," my brain is in no shape to create a design. I'm usually mentally wrecked and the only inspiration I have is a glimmer of an idea that I had three hours ago and maybe took note of in one of my 19 journals. My brain has fully shifted out of "creative" mode and into "engineer" mode -- or something similar but different.


OK back to why our brain is fucked. 

So, I realize that I want to be more intentional about this "DESIGN TIME!" because (1) I genuinely love this part and (2) it REALLY helps me in the long term. Awesome. So here we have:

PROBLEM: 
I don't spend time designing before making

SOLUTION:
Pursue one of your hobbies and get better at App DESIGN (specifically, SKETCH!!)

PROBLEM:
I don't know how to use Sketch

SOLUTION:
Udemy to the rescue!

PROBLEM: 
Within the udemy course they are using "wireframes" and I don't have those and this is part of what I was hoping to learn to do from this course --

SOLUTION:
Course on "balsamic?" Course on wire framing?