---
layout: single
title: "daily log 11.09.20"
tags: dailylog
---




Hi computer!

So sorry we've missed one another the last few days. (LOLOLOLOL WHAT A EUPHIMISM!! I haven't been writing and I have the audacity to blame it on YOU!?)

OK PROJECT CLOSET:

PROBLEM: 
I have too many clothes

SOLUTION:
Get rid of them?

PROBLEM:
I like them too much. They really all spark joy.

SOLUTION:
Find a new metric instead of joy

PROBLEM:
What would that new metric be? Have I worn it in the last year?

SOLUTION:
Yes, have I worn it in the last year?

PROBLEM:
Some special dresses will not have been worn in the last year. 

SOLUTION:
Separate section for "special" clothing

PROBLEM: 
Where would that live??

SOLUTION: 
This is another problem we can address in another session


----------
OK NEW SESSION

PROBLEM:
Where should I store my "special occasion" clothing? Also, how do I determine if something is "Special Occasion?" 

SOLUTION:
Why can't EVERYTHING be special occasion?

PROBLEM:
I don't feel pretty if I'm wearing a pretty dress and my hair and makeup aren't done...

SOLUTION:
Unpack that? Or spend the 10 minutes getting ready? 

PROBLEM: 
Pandemic. I don't want to "waste" that time. Also, I like the "dressed down" look.

SOLUTION:
We have our "athleisure wear" (sweatpants) and our "work wear" (not sweatpants)

Athleisure = no makeup
Workwear = makeup

We can have Athleisure Uniform 
We can have Workwear Uniform

Requirements for Athleisure Uniform:
-- be on-camera ready in 2 minutes. 

