---
layout: single
title: "notes to myself 8-18-20"
tags: notes
---

Omg. Dream. Called SOL. HER SYSTEM. (Like solar system lolololol) Our protagonist is the great great great great great great great granddaughter of a young man who bought his wife a star in 2020. It’s now in the far future and that star system is in great upheaval. A group of rogue revolutionaries try to track down our heroine to become the rightful leader of this star she owns.

K: This seriously made my whole week

J: With your writing and app making and computer powers I could totally see you making a video game
K: Omg. Dream. Called SOL. HER SYSTEM. (Like solar system lolololol) Our protagonist is the great great great great great great great granddaughter of a young man who bought his wife a star in 2020. It’s now in the far future and that star system is in great upheaval. A group of rogue revolutionaries try to track down our heroine to become the rightful leader of this star she owns. And you fight stuff along the way
J: Yo that’s awesome!
K: I actually started writing it but it turned into Nanny Planet
J: Nanny Planet... did you tell me about that? That sounds familiar
K: Because, you know, due to The Great Robot Rebellion on Europa when the humans lost Jupiter and all of her moons to the robots, robots are no longer allowed to take care of babies. So the rich people need nannies that are humans but like robots.
So giant companies have Nanny Planets where they raise women to become nannies and when they aren’t being used as nannies, they are used to do other formerly-just-for-robots work like mining precious metals
(But in big mech suits, not like, by hand)
And each of the nanny planets are also being used as experiments
How small of a space does a nanny need to not mentally break?
Do the nannies that live with other nannies produce more well-adjusted children when the time comes for them to actually nanny?
Wow the word nanny has lost all meaning. Nanny. Nanny. Nanny.
