---
layout: single
title: "How to Hoard Data"
tags: howto writing
---

A while ago... for reasons (?)... I started an email account called “Kendra’s Brain” and I hooked up A BUNCH of IFTTT things to it. Including, autosaving specific reddit threads? And now that gmail account is full. Why did I do this?

## The backstory

This morning I woke up to an email in my primary email account (yes, I have to specify "primary" because I have my "secondary" which is basically junk collection and then my primary which is more curated) saying that an email couldn't be delivered to "kendrasbrain@gmail.com" and this was the backup email associated with the account so "hey quick heads up, the delivery couldn't be completed"... so obviously I had to go investigate this relic of an email address that I started in 2018 as a way to stave off the panic of turning 30 and being unable to appropriately categorize everything so I decided to just COLLECT everything for searching later... and for a second I couldn't remember what I had done for this email address. HOWEVER, SOMEHOW, EVEN THOUGH NO HUMAN OR COMPANY HAS THIS EMAIL ADDRESS, I AMASSED 20.2 GB OF DATA. Which is 5 over my 15GB quota for a free gmail account.

WHAT DID I DO AND HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?!

So I began to investigate. Most of the files inside this gmail account/drive all have to do with reddit. And that's when I remembered OH YEAH!! I set up an IFTTT to send all of my reddit saves to this email address so I can search them (because Reddit's search functionality is so sub par) in case I can't find/remember a specific article/factoid like The Great Missing Article of 2014/2015/2016?? The one that talks about if the government is responsible for giving us a sense of purpose? 