---
layout: single
title: 'GTD for Trello Workbook'
tags: gtd
classes: wide
---

# PROJECT PLANNING:

1 | Defining purpose and principles
2 | Outcome visioning
3 | Brainstorming
4 | Organizing

+ Identify the significant pieces.
+ Sort by (one or more):
+ components
+ sequences
+ priorities
+ Detail to the required degree

5 | Identifying next actions

# KEY PROCESSING QUESTIONS:

1. What is it?
2. Is it actionable?
3. What’s the desired outcome? If multi-step, write it on your Projects/Outcomes list.
4. What’s the next (physical/visible) action? Write it on the appropriate Next Actions list.

# BEST PRACTICES:

* Start Next Actions with a **VERB** 
* Add date you started waiting on **WAITING FOR**
* Notes about Projects can be added to the description field for each project on the list (as well as uploaded files)

## NOTES:

* AGENDAS: For standing items to discuss or bring to a meeting (not for next action triggers)
* SOMEDAY/MAYBE: Many people find they triage things into and off of the Someday/Maybe list when priorities shift. Only committment to Someday/Maybe list is to review weekly on weekly reviews
* Next Actions don't replace project plansProject Support remains the parking lot for actions that are incubated for future action

### PROJECTS: 
* Tracks any desired outcomes that require 3+ steps which should be done over the next 12 months. 
* Projects should always have a defined endpoint
* Checklists section in projects should only hold future actions, project plans, notes and support material. Current actions are tracked on context lists. 

# INTEGRATING WITH JIRA:

As a <type of user> I want <some goal> so that <some reason>