---
layout: single
title: "Writing 12-03-20"
tags: writing
---

*Please describe (in as much detail as you think will help me understand more about you) where you were raised, something about your family of origin, your educational and job experience, the nature and quality of your early and current relationships with family, relationships with significant others and friends. Please help me understand what you consider your primary sources of support and stressors.*

My primary sources of support are: My incredible husband, my close circle of best friends (we've been close since high school), my dad and my mom. 

My primary stressors are: myself. My own ADHD. It's wild living inside my unmedicated head. 

Where I was raised & family of origin: La Canada, California -- I had a very privileged upbringing and was an adored only child. My parents, high school sweethearts, had been infertile for 15 years before I came along (after multiple rounds of in vitro) so by the time I was born, my mother was cutting my grapes in half so I didn't choke. My mother has struggled with depression her whole life. My grandmother as well. 

Education & job experience: I just completed my master's degree in data science and this is another reason I'm particularly invested in not going off my medicine right now. I'd like to be a working mom and it is very challenging to do my job well if I'm not medicated (despite the many different "interventions" I've made for myself). I'm currently contracting for Virgin Galactic but I'd like to work for a larger company so I'm actively applying elsewhere. This is a minor additional stressor. 
