---
layout: single
title: "dailylog 7-06-20"
tags: dailylog
classes: wide
---

1. Woke up! Later than I would have liked. Colin hecked me so I had to make the bed.
2. Made the bed!
3. Did a nice long body stretch on my right side
4. Did a nice long body stretch on my left side
5. Snuggled with Stanley for a good few minutes. This was lovely!! We don't usually have bond time!!
6. -- out of order but afraid I will forget -- I also had a lovely snuggle with Kevin today!! Colin brought him over for some "corpral cuddling" because he was being mean to Phyllis and I held him for a bit and then helped him get comfortable in my lap not expecting him to be there for more than a few seconds (he impatient boi) but then he SNUGGLED IN and STARTED PURRING. HE NEVER PURS!! And he started making biscuits and then his little tongue blepped right out and my heart exploded and this is me reporting from the grave because I died. Of heart explosion.
7. Got out of bed and onto the bike!
8. Showered!
9. Brushed my hair (in the shower) while listening to the news (my hair was so tangled that it took my entire Google News cycle to detangle)
10. Put my cover on my car!
11. Attempted to help answer some of Colin's ice cream questions
12. Explained to him that no I wasn't mad or miffed, I just felt ill prepared lol
13. Sat down at desk to do work and started with EDXStats and busted out RStudio and continued working on the Chapter 6 module. Ran into some errors with plotting but overall this went well. I definitely could have spent more time doing it and debugging it but at that point, I was very ready to move on to the next thing and I try very hard to honor my 25 minute blocks. Even when I accidentally get distracted during one of those blocks... this is a growth opportunity for me :D
14. Started planning how I would ensnare Liene into the wonderful world of web development. I asked her if she would commit to watching a video without any context to what the video was, and she said an enthusiastic yes... but I could see the light kind of go out from her eyes when I showed her the video.I'm reminding myself this is ok because I've totally been there and I just need to access my empathy.
15. Then I got excited about our "Learning Schedule"
16. Messaged slack channel about dinner options for The Morrison!
17. Plunged back into professional development with UMRE (Udemy Modern React) and went back to CRA section 4 before hopping back to hooks. Worked on umre-projects and played around with that...
18. Then started umre-todo which starts to incorporate the Hooks we've been learning about!!
19. I rewatched the hook videos and coding along this time -- I also better understand useEffect now but I have a feeling this will be a continual learning cycle.
20. Now I'm about to place the order for family dinner and get ready for the parents!
21. OH! I also photoshopped a "piece of art" for Leo the turtle. American Gothic Turtle.

OTHER THINGS I DID TODAY:

- Rewrote some git commit history using this script:

[Changing author info - GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/github/using-git/changing-author-info)

- Continued to investigate auto-pushing to github

[git - How to auto commit and push on github? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53078484/how-to-auto-commit-and-push-on-github)

[Scheduling Jobs With Crontab on macOS - Better Programming - Medium](https://medium.com/better-programming/https-medium-com-ratik96-scheduling-jobs-with-crontab-on-macos-add5a8b26c30)

[linux - Test a weekly cron job - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4984725/test-a-weekly-cron-job)

PROJECTS WORKED ON:

- Photoshop -- American Gothic Turtle
- umre-projects
- umre-todos
- yesthisiskendra/now (for the cron jobs)
