---
layout: single
title: "daily log 11-19-20"
tags: dailylog LS
---



IMPETUS: I want to optimize my food shopping and reduce food waste and batch my prepping time (do two recipes call for chopped red peppers this week? Might as well do both!) and also make delicious, simple meals without spending too much time. 

PROBLEM: 
Everything is everywhere on the internet

SOLUTION:
Let's start with just two of our favorite food blogs -- Minimalist Baker and Half Baked Harvest

PROBLEM:
While it is THRILLING that both of these sites use the same wordpress plug-in so I can reuse a lot of code, not ALL of it is the same

SOLUTION: 
Use Yoast!

PROBLEM: 
The Yoast data is on the original recipe page, not the "print this" page I've been scraping from

SOLUTION:
When we get the recipe url, also scrape to get the yoast data. This can all be called "recipe data" -- the second scrape, the scrape of the print this page, this is all "ingredient data" and should live in a spreadsheet of ingredients



----



I want to be able to sort by ingredient (e.g. "Chicken")
I want to be able to sort by multiple ingredients (e.g. "chicken, peppers, cashews")
I want to be able to sort by prep time/cook time/total time
I want to be able to sort by cuisine and tags and blog
I want to be able to sort OUT certain ingredients (e.g. "fish sauce")
I want to be able to make meal plans that optimize for certain ingredients (e.g. use the WHOLE can of tomato paste)
I want to be able to aggregate all of the meals from this meal plan into ONE shopping list (e.g. chicken appears once with the correct TOTAL amount)
I want to be able to aggregate the meal PREP (cut, chop, dice) into a TODO list (I.e. so I can look at the list and know "night before, cut carrots")

I want to be able to filter by seasonal ingredients
I want to be able to choose to use leftovers
I want to be able to easily double recipes
I want to be able to filter OUT ingredients by DIET (I.e. "pasta" is not whole 30, "vodka" is not whole 30 so those recipes wouldn't pop up)

OR suggest some Whole 30 modifications "instead of using X here you could use  sauerkraut juice" or something like that...

So here are some good user stories. NOTE: I should definitely always write user stories in the "I WANT" format because that was super easy. Now I can go through and address each one. 

Some of these things are obviously going to take more effort than others. Right now, I can get things like prep time and cook time and ingredients list. 


Right now I cannot do things like "filter out seasonal ingredients" but that would just be a matter of making a little list and saying "is this ingredient in this?"

So, let's walk through that. 

"Get recipes that are whole 30" 
There is a world where I would go through every single ingredient and mark it as whole 30 yes no  and I just query my INGREDIENTS DB but then there is another world where I add an additional column to the RECIPE DB and it's like "whole_30" true/false.

I think both are pretty good but in the case of querrying, if I have the column in the recipe db, all I have to do is query that one and return all the TRUE.

If I keep the recipes and ingredients separate, I'm going to have to first group by recipe Id and then from that group if any member of that group is "non compliant" then I will have to not return that recipe. 

How quickly can I group in mongo?