---
layout: single
title: "dailylog 8-06-20"
tags: dailylog
---

# THINGS I DID TODAY!

1. Woke up!
2. Late because I was up in the night lololol. Eating merangues.
3. Eventually got up and got onto bike!
4. Biked!
5. Showered!
6. Had iced coffee! And advil! And vitamins!
7. Had cold shower!
8. Exfoliated because it's thursday!
9. Got dressed! IN A DIFFERENT OUFTIT WHAT. Still black pants, yes. And black top but this time it's my MORE MORE MORE top and a fun little lacy bando thing.
10. Had my mock interview with Pat
11. It was about Stacks and Queues!
12. I had to tell if a set of paranthese (sp?) was balanced or unbalanced
13. This was fun and exciting and honestly easier than I expected but that's likely because I KNEW I'd be using stacks + queues and didn't have to think that hard part through
14. BREAKING OUT OF OUR LIST TO BRING YOU AN UPDATE: I'm listening to this LoFi Prog House Music Playlist and loving it wow. These are my people. I should post this to ENFP music yes
15. Ate my INCREDIBLE PORK SANDWICH FOR LUNCH
16. Finished the Papaya YOM.
17. Watched Colin's BEER BABY BUBBLE!
18. Visited Colin's Plant babies!!
19. ORGANIZED DESK WITH LIENE!!!!!
20. Did more Coding UMJS!!
21. Audiobooked Neuromancer while lounging outside and willing my headache to go away!!
22. Did some more UMJS coding!!
23. Did this writing!!

# THINGS I DID YESTERDAY:

1. Woke up!
2. I did NOT write 750 words or do any of my little habit tracking because I got hangry and got mad at everything. HANGER IS REAL.
3. Read "from my memoirs" to Liene
